hello I'm just got done testing out the
new medal of honor so close beta it's
pretty cool yeah you know rifle special
ops stuff with the m16 m4 and a crappy
sniper rifle um then your Afghan you get
an ak-47 the aks-74u and a crappy sniper
two game modes mission and team assault
as you see there's not the rating people
playing and basically it is just like
battlefield but they fixed a lot of
things I was wrong with battlefield and
this is a sniper rifle right here I do
suck at this game um they put the buns
exactly the same as a look at that let
get stuck the buns are exactly the same
as modern warfare 2 but I played with
team tactical settings so it's a little
different for me that's why you'll see
me try to duck in a knife but on the
sniper rifle it's kind of I don't know I
don't really like it probably cuz they
don't have a scope on it and probably
cuz I stuck too and well I got stuck
again but you'll notice that every time
the like you're gonna die your character
freezes but the good thing about this is
that noob tubes they don't really hurt
you unless they hit like right on top of
you and unprofessional see that right
there they killed them you lit right on
top of them plug this guy right there
boom but normally if you're like even
like a little bit close to them they
won't die which I like so noobs can't be
using new tubes and they turn the
sensitivity up which I like I didn't
really get to play this beta too much
because it kept freezing but other than
that it's pretty cool it's like
battlefield
duty and there's a floating box to left
that's pretty cool too there we go kill
them oh that guy probably saved my life
but the sniper rifle don't like it at
all and there we go this is froze again
it froze probably every five minutes and
I had to restart my system it is pretty
annoying but other than that this game
is fixed every problem that was a
battlefield I mean almost everyone a
knife knives faster when you're Afghan
you get a like axe the knife is pretty
cool there's kill streaks it's pretty
sick I mean if you like battlefield
you'll like this because they fix the
problems the other mode there's tanks
and everything almost it's almost
exactly like battlefield it's just
really glitchy right now kept freezing
or freezing so hopefully they'll fix it
that way I can post some more videos so
stay tuned and subscribe for all your
Medal of Honor needs